It was when my husband was really opposed.
One night, he put a knife to his stomach
and said,
“Will you choose me or the truth?”
My husband was cooperative.
He would wave goodbye
as we went to the meetings,
but he wasn’t interested at all.
I felt really jealous
when I saw families
sitting together at assemblies.
Because of work
and taking care of his mother,
my husband gradually started missing
meetings.
Some in our congregation,
with good intentions,
pointed it out to him.
But the way they did this
made him feel misunderstood
and discouraged,
and he put the Bible
and the publications away.
I also had times when I wanted
to drift away with him.
I was really happy when I learned the truth.
In my zeal, I bombarded my husband
with information,
and that made him worry
that I had turned into a fanatic.
I think he was genuinely concerned
for his family
and thought that I had joined
a weird religion.
One family in the congregation
often invited us to meals
and outdoor activities.
I think my husband appreciated
those small acts of kindness.
I also tried to show that I appreciated him
through my speech and conduct.
When my children and I applied
what we learned in our lives,
I think he gradually became interested
in the truth.
The words “safeguard your heart”
caught my eye.
I decided to try and keep my heart
and my children’s hearts
toward Jehovah.
When I went out in the ministry
with my children,
I would point out various aspects
of God’s creation around us.
And before my husband
would come home from work,
I made it a habit to teach them God’s Word.
I made a conscious effort
to see myself in Paradise with my husband.
This strengthened my resolve
to never leave the truth.
I wrote caring notes to my husband
when I went to the meetings.
I was convinced
that he would come back one day,
and he did come back.
I did not leave Jehovah,
and so Jehovah never abandoned me.
My husband never embraced the truth.
However, right now all five
of my children are in the truth,
and I feel really blessed.
Being able to serve Jehovah as a family
along with my husband
—the joy and appreciation
just keep welling up.